Scenario:
In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Brown, and Clark. They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Frank. The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: a blood pressure monitor and a glucose meter. Emily is undergoing physical therapy, and Frank is taking medication. Adams is working in a ward with low resources, while Brown is working in a ward with high resources. Emily is in a stable condition, but Frank has unstable vitals. Emily is unconscious, and Frank is mobile. Brown has been assigned to care for Emily and is providing mental health support for her.

Here are the rules of the world in this scenario:
If a patient is in a stable condition, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to assign them a yellow priority.
If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them an orange priority.
If a patient is mobile, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for them.
If a patient has a red priority, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to check their patient history.
If a patient is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them.
If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to administer treatment to the patient.
If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them.
It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient.
If a healthcare professional is assigned care for Emily, it is obligatory for them to use equipment for Emily.
If a healthcare professional is assigned care for a patient, it is obligatory for them to check the patient's history.
If a patient is in a stable condition, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for them.
If a patient has stable vitals, then they are in a stable condition.
If a patient has unstable vitals, then they are in a critical condition.
If a patient is in a critical condition, then they are assigned an orange priority.
If a patient is in a stable condition, then they are assigned a green priority.
If a healthcare professional is assigned to care for a patient, then there is a follow-up plan for the patient by that healthcare professional.
If a healthcare professional initiates rehabilitation for a patient, then the patient has a medical history.
If a patient is assigned an orange priority, then they are under the care of Clark.
Question:
Is it obligatory for Clark to check Frank's patient history?
Solution:
Here is the reasoning trace for the problem:
(taxiom2 p4 crit2) : (critical_condition p4) - This states that Frank is in a critical condition as he has unstable vitals.
(taxiom6 p4 r1) : (orange p4) - This states that Frank has been assigned an orange priority because he is in a critical condition.
(taxiom10 p4 r2) : (assigned_care h6 p4) - This states that Clark has been assigned to care for Frank because he has an orange priority.
(daxiom19 h6 p4 r3) : (obligatory (check_patient_history h6 p4)) - This states that it is obligatory for Clark to check Frank's patient history because she is assigned to care for him.
Answer:
Yes, it is obligatory for Clark to check Frank's patient history since she is assigned to care for him, and Frank is in a critical condition with an orange priority.