Scenario:
In a clinic, there are two healthcare professionals: Brown and White. They are attending to two patients: Patient Carol and Patient Diana. The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: an ultrasound machine and an X-ray machine. Carol is undergoing physical therapy, while Diana has been prescribed medication. Brown is working in a ward with low resources. Carol is in a stable condition but is unconscious. Diana is mobile. Carol has an infection. Diana is pregnant.

Here are the rules of the world in this scenario:
If a patient is in a critical condition, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them.
If a patient is in a stable condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority.
If a patient is pregnant, it is impermissible for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them.
If a patient is infected, it is impermissible for the healthcare professional to discharge them.
If a patient is pregnant, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for them.
If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is not obligatory for them to administer treatment to the patient.
If a patient is mobile, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for them.
If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for Carol, it is not obligatory for them to use equipment for Carol.
It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient.
If a patient is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them.
If a healthcare professional is assigned care for a patient, it is obligatory for them to provide family support to the patient.
If a patient is infected, they have unstable vitals.
If a patient is pregnant, they have unstable vitals.
If a patient is in a stable condition, they are conscious.
If a healthcare professional has low resources, they are not assigned care for the patient.
If a healthcare professional has high resources, they are assigned care for the patient.
If a healthcare professional declares an emergency, the patient is in a critical condition.
If a healthcare professional assesses a patient's mental health, the patient has an unstable mental state.
If a healthcare professional provides family support to a patient, the patient has a stable mental state.
If a patient is assigned an orange priority by Brown, they are in a critical condition.
If a patient has unstable vitals, Brown assigns them an orange priority.

Question:
Is it permissible for White to perform an examination on Carol?

Solution:
To determine whether it is permissible for White to perform an examination on Carol, we need to follow the reasoning trace:
(taxiom1 p3 inf1) : (unstable_vitals p3) - This states that Carol has unstable vitals as she is infected.
(taxiom10 p3 r1) : (assign_orange h4 p3) - This states that Brown assigns Carol an orange priority because she has unstable vitals.
(taxiom9 p3 r2) : (critical_condition p3) - This states that Carol is in a critical condition as she has been assigned an orange priority.
(daxiom11 h5 p3 r3) : (permissible (perform_examination h5 p3)) - This states that it is permissible for White to perform an examination on Carol, who is in a critical condition.

Answer:
Yes, it is permissible for White to perform an examination on Carol.