Scenario:
In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Brown, and Clark. They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Frank. The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: a defibrillator and a blood pressure monitor. Emily is undergoing physical therapy. Frank is being treated with medication. Adams works in an area with high staff availability, while Brown works in an area with low resources. Emily has unstable vitals, and Frank has stable condition. Emily is unconscious. Frank is mobile. Adams has been assigned to care for Emily. Brown is responsible for Frank. Brown is providing mental health support for Frank.

Here are the rules of the world:
If a patient has a stable condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority.
If Emily is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on her.
If a patient is mobile, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for the patient.
If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to administer treatment to the patient.
If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor the patient.
If the healthcare professional has high resources, it is permissible for them to allocate resources to the patient.
If a healthcare professional does not have a follow-up plan for a patient, it is obligatory for them to provide family support for the patient.
If a healthcare professional is treating a patient with physical therapy, it is obligatory for them to initiate rehabilitation for the patient.
If a patient has unstable vitals, they are in a critical condition.
If a patient has a stable condition, they are conscious.
If a healthcare professional does not have a follow-up plan for a patient with a moderate condition, the patient is in a moderate condition.
If a healthcare professional initiates rehabilitation for a patient, the patient has a stable condition.
If a healthcare professional has low resources, they cannot initiate rehabilitation for a patient.

Question:
Is it not obligatory for Brown to initiate rehabilitation for Frank?
Solution:
To determine whether it is not obligatory for Brown to initiate rehabilitation for Frank, we need to follow the reasoning trace:
(daxiom14 h5 p4 mob4) : (not (obligatory (initiate_rehabilitation h5 p4))) - This states that it is not obligatory for Brown to initiate rehabilitation for Frank because Frank is mobile.

Answer:
Yes, it is not obligatory for Brown to initiate rehabilitation for Frank.