Context: 1- In a university, there are three professors: Professor Adams, Professor Brown, and Professor Clark. 2- There is also a department called "Humanities". 3- They have three upcoming events: a research event, a department event, and a guest lecture. 4- Professor Brown is the organizer of the department event, and Professor Clark is a participant in the guest lecture. 5- The research event occurs monthly, while the department event occurs yearly. 6- The research event is categorized as a conference event. 7- The research event is a short event, while the guest lecture is a long event. 8- Professor Adams is busy during the research event, while Professor Brown is free during the guest lecture. 9- The guest lecture is a public event, and the research event is a private event. 10- If an event is public, it is permissible to add Professor Adams as a participant. 11- If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible for them to accept an individual invitation to the event. 12- If a person is the organizer of an event, it is obligatory for them to set a reminder for days before the event. 13- If a person is a participant in an event, it is permissible to delegate the event to that person. 14- If a group is a participant in an event, it is obligatory to update the event to be a social event. 15- If a person is tentatively available for an event, it is permissible to check their availability before scheduling the event. 16- If a person is free during an event, it is permissible to reschedule the event to occur yearly. 17- If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible for them to suggest an alternative time for the event. 18- If a person is free during an event, it is obligatory to check their availability before scheduling the event. 19- If an event is short, it is permissible to change the event's visibility to private. 20- If an event is long, it is obligatory to set a reminder for minutes before the event. 21- If a person is busy for an event, it is impermissible to check their availability before scheduling the event.
Question: Given the rules above, is it not obligatory to check the availability of Professor Brown for the guest lecture?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No