Context: 1- In a software development company, there are three employees: John, Sarah, and Mark. 2- John is the project manager, Sarah is a developer, and Mark is the team leader. 3- They have three upcoming events: a project kick-off event, a team building event, and a stand-up event. 4- John is the organizer of the project kick-off meeting, and Sarah is a participant. 5- The stand-up occurs daily, while the project kick-off meeting is a short event. 6- The stand-up is an event of type meeting. 7- If a person is free during an event, it is permissible to send them a notification. 8- If a group is a participant in an event, it is permissible to accept a group invite. 9- If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible to reschedule the event daily. 10- If an event has high priority for a person, then it is obligatory to set a reminder for a few hours before the event. 11- If a person is a participant in an event, it is not obligatory to delegate the event to them. 12- For long events, it is permissible to update the event to be a conference. 13- If a group is a participant in an event, it is impermissible to remove the group as a participant. 14- If a person is free during an event, it is obligatory for them to accept an individual invite to that event. 15- If a person is tentative during an event, it is permissible for them to suggest an alternative time. 16- If an event is high priority for a person, it is obligatory to delegate the event to them. 17- If an event is private, it is obligatory to check John's availability. 18- Daily events are long events. 19- Long events are private events. 20- Private events have John as a participant. 21- If a person has high priority for an event, then they are free for that event. 22- Weekly events have high priority for Sarah. 23- Meetings have Mark as the organizer. 24- If a person is the organizer of the project kick-off meeting, their priority for that event is high. 25- If an event is organized by John, it is confidential. 26- If Sarah is a participant in an event, they should set a reminder for a few days before the event.
Question: Given the rules above, is it obligatory to delegate the daily stand-up to John?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No