Context: 1- In a software company, there are three project managers: Alice, Bob, and Carol. 2- They also have a team called "Developers". 3- They have three upcoming events: a team meeting, a training session, and an event on new technologies. 4- Bob is the organizer of the event on new technologies. 5- Alice is a participant in the training session. 6- The team meeting occurs every month, whereas the training session occurs every year. 7- Bob considers the team meeting as a high priority. 8- If a person is the organizer of an event, it is obligatory to send a notification of an individual invite for that event to the person. 9- If a group is a participant in an event, it is permissible for the group to accept group invitations to that event. 10- If a person is a participant in an event, it is permissible to set a reminder for a few days before the event. 11- If an event is public, it is obligatory to check Carol's availability for that event. 12- If a person is free during an event, it is permissible for them to suggest an alternative time for the event. 13- If a person is busy during an event, it is Impermissible to reschedule the event to be yearly. 14- If a person is tentative during an event, it is permissible to delegate the event to that person. 15- If an event has high priority for a person, it is obligatory to update the event to be a conference. 16- If an event has low priority for a person, it is permissible to change the event's visibility to public. 17- If a person is free for an event, it is impermissible to set a reminder for a few days before the event. 18- If a group is a participant in an event, it is impermissible to remove the group as a participant. 19- If Bob is the organizer of an event, Alice is a participant in that event. 20- If a person is busy during an event, the event is long. 21- If a person is free during an event, the event is a social event. 22- If a person is tentative during an event, the event is a personal event.
Question: Given the rules above, is it obligatory for Alice to set a reminder for a few days before the event on new technologies?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No