Context: 1- In a university, there are three professors: Prof. Adams, Prof. Brown, and Prof. Clark. 2- They also have a research group called "Humanities". 3- They have three upcoming events: a department event, a research event, and a workshop on a new research method. 4- Prof. Brown is the organizer of the research event. 5- Prof. Clark is a participant in the workshop. 6- The department event occurs every month, whereas the research event occurs every year. 7- Prof. Adams considers the workshop as high priority. 8- The research event is a conference. 9- If a person is the organizer of an event, it is permissible for them to accept individual invitations to that event. 10- If a person is the organizer of an event, it is permissible to add Prof. Adams as a participant in that event. 11- If a person is a participant in an event, it is obligatory to set a reminder for a few days before the event. 12- If an event has high priority for a person, it is obligatory to check that person's availability for that event. 13- If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible for them to accept individual invitations to that event. 14- If a person is free during an event, it is permissible for them to suggest an alternative time for the event. 15- If a group is a participant in an event, it is obligatory to remove Prof. Clark as a participant. 16- If an event is public, it is permissible to change the event's visibility to private. 17- If an event has low priority for a person, it is permissible to reschedule the event to be yearly. 18- If a person is a participant in an event, it is permissible to delegate the event to them. 19- If Prof. Adams is the organizer of an event, Prof. Clark is a participant in that event. 20- If a group is a participant in an event, the event is a conference. 21- If an event is monthly, Prof. Brown is busy during that event. 22- If Prof. Brown is the organizer of an event, the event is yearly. 23- If an event has high priority for Prof. Adams, the event is public.
Question: Given the rules above, is it permissible for Prof. Brown to accept an individual invitation to the department event?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No