Context: 1- In a sports club, there are three members: Alice, Bob, and Carol. 2- They have three upcoming events: a sports event, a marathon event, and a lecture. 3- Carol is a participant in the lecture. 4- The sports event is monthly. 5- The marathon event is yearly. 6- The sports event is a short event and is a conference, whereas the marathon event is a long event. 7- Alice is busy during the sports event, while Bob is free during the lecture. 8- The sports event is a private event. 9- The lecture is a public event. 10- If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible to add them as a participant. 11- If a person is free during an event, it is permissible to add them as a participant. 12- If an event is a long event, it is obligatory to add all groups as a participant. 13- If an event has high priority for a person, then it is obligatory to set a reminder for a few days before the event. 14- If an event is a conference, it is permissible to update the event to be public. 15- If an event has low priority for a person, it is impermissible to request an event update from them. 16- If an event has low priority for a person, it is permissible to cancel the event. 17- If an event is short, it is impermissible to reschedule the event yearly. 18- If an event is private, it is obligatory to remove Carol as a participant. 19- If a person is a participant in an event, it is permissible to request an event update from them. 20- If Alice is the organizer of an event, it is obligatory to change the event's visibility to confidential. 21- If an event is a monthly event, it is a short event. 22- If an event is a yearly event, it is a long event. 23- If an event is long, Alice is the organizer. 24- If a person is free during an event, they have high priority for that event. 25- If an event is private, it is a meeting. 26- If an event is public, it is a social event. 27- If a person is the organizer of an event, they are a participant in that event.
Question: Based on the rules and situation, is it obligatory to request an update from Alice for the yearly marathon event?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No