Context: 1- In a software development company, there are three project managers: Alice, Bob, and Carol. 2- They also have a team called "Developers". 3- They have three upcoming events: a project status event, a team retreat, and an event on new technology trends. 4- Bob is the organizer of the team retreat. 5- Carol is a participant in the technology trends event. 6- The project status event occurs every month, whereas the technology trends event occurs every year. 7- Alice considers the project status event as high priority. 8- The team retreat is a conference event. 9- If an event has high priority for a person, it is obligatory to send a notification of an individual invite to that event for the person. 10- If a group is a participant in an event, it is permissible for the group to accept group invitations to that event. 11- If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible to reschedule the event yearly. 12- If a person is a participant in an event, it is obligatory to set a reminder for a few days before the event. 13- If a person is the organizer of an event, it is permissible to delegate the event to the person. 14- If an event has low priority for a person, it is permissible to update the event as a meeting. 15- If a group is a participant in an event, it is impermissible to remove the group from the event. 16- If a person is free during an event, it is obligatory for them to accept individual invitations to that event. 17- If a person's availability is tentative for an event, it is permissible for them to suggest an alternative time for the event. 18- If an event is public, it is obligatory to check Alice's availability for that event. 19- If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible for them to accept individual invitations to that event. 20- If an event is monthly, Alice is free for that event. 21- If an event is yearly and Carol is a participant, then Bob is the organizer of that event. 22- If an event is a conference, the "Developers" team is a participant in that event.
Question: Is it impermissible for Alice to accept an individual invite to the project status event?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No