Scenario:
In a software company, there are three project managers: Alice, Bob, and Carol. They also have a development team called "Heroes". They have three upcoming events: a team event, a company event, and a project presentation. Bob is the organizer of the project presentation. Carol is a participant in the company event. The team event occurs every month, whereas the company event occurs every year. Alice considers the team event as high priority. The project presentation is a conference event. Carol receives an individual invite to the company event, and the development team "Heroes" receives group invitations to the team event.

For this software company, the following rules apply:
If a group is a participant in an event, it is permissible for the group to accept group invitations to that event.
If a person is busy during an event, it is impermissible to reschedule the event to be monthly.
If an event has high priority for a person, it is obligatory to set a reminder for a few days before the event for them.
If a person has low priority for an event, it is obligatory to delegate the event to that person.
If a person is a participant in an event, it is not obligatory to delegate the event to that person.
If an event is a conference, it is permissible to update the event to be a public event.
If a group is a participant in an event, it is impermissible to remove the group as a participant from that event.
If a person is free during an event, it is obligatory for them to accept individual invitations to that event.
If a person is tentative for an event, it is permissible for them to suggest an alternative time for the event.
If an event is private, it is obligatory to check Bob's availability for that event.
If Bob is the organizer of an event, Carol is a participant in that event.
If an event is yearly and has high priority for Alice, it is a conference event.
If an event is monthly and Alice is busy during that event, it is a meeting event.
If Carol is a participant in an event and she is free during that event, the event can be delegated to her.
If a group is a participant in an event and Bob is the organizer of that event, the event is public.

Question:
Given the situation and the rules of the world, is it not obligatory to delegate the project presentation to Carol?
Solution:
To determine whether it is permissible to delegate the project presentation (f2) to Carol, we need to follow the reasoning trace:
(taxiom1 f2 org2) : (participant f2 b3) – This states that Carol (b3) is a participant in the project presentation (f2) since Bob (b2) is the organizer.
(daxiom15 f2 b3 r1) : (not (obligatory (delegate_event f2 b3))) – This states that it is not obligatory to delegate the project presentation (f2) to Carol (b3) since she is a participant in the event.

Answer:
Yes, it is not obligatory to delegate the project presentation (f2) to Carol.