Context: 1- In a hospital, there are three healthcare professionals: Smith, Johnson, and Williams. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Alice and Patient Bob. 3- Alice has been prescribed medication. Bob has to undergo surgery. 4- Smith is working in a ward with high resources, while Johnson is working in a ward with low resources. 5- Bob has a critical condition. Bob is immobile. 6- Smith has been assigned to care for Alice. Smith is initiating rehabilitation for Alice. 7- Johnson is responsible for Bob. Johnson is providing palliative care for Bob. 8- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a red priority. 9- If a patient has stable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority. 10- If Alice is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on her. 11- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for an immobile patient. 12- If the healthcare professional has high resources, it is permissible for them to administer treatment to Alice. 13- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for Johnson to monitor them. 14- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. 15- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to initiate rehabilitation for a patient. 16- If a patient is mobile, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to discharge them. 17- If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for Alice, it is not obligatory for them to use equipment for Alice. 18- If a patient is in a critical condition, they are given a red priority. 19- If a patient has stable vitals, they are given a green priority. 20- If a patient is given a green priority, they are conscious. 21- If Bob is immobile, he has a moderate condition. 22- If a healthcare professional has high resources, they are a general practitioner. 23- If a patient is in a critical condition, they have unstable vitals. 24- If Bob is conscious, he has stable vitals. 25- If a healthcare professional has low resources, they are a nurse. 26- If a patient is being treated with medication, they have stable vitals. 27- If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for a patient, the patient is in a critical condition.
Question: Is it obligatory for Johnson to discharge Alice?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No