Context: 1- In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Baker, and Paramedic Clark. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Frank. 3- The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: a blood pressure monitor and an X-ray machine. 4- Emily has been prescribed medication. 5- Frank has to undergo surgery. 6- Adams is working in an area with high resources, while Baker is working in an area with low resources. 7- Frank has a critical condition. 8- Frank is immobile. 9- Adams has been assigned to care for Emily. 10- Adams is initiating rehabilitation for Emily. 11- Baker is responsible for Frank. 12- Baker is providing palliative care for Frank. 13- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a red priority. 14- If a patient has stable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority. 15- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for an immobile patient. 16- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is not obligatory for them to assign a green priority to a patient. 17- If the healthcare professional has high resources, it is permissible for them to administer treatment to Emily. 18- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. 19- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to initiate rehabilitation for a patient. 20- If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for Emily, it is not obligatory for them to use equipment for Emily. 21- If a patient has stable vitals, they are given a green priority. 22- If a patient has a moderate condition, they are conscious. 23- If Frank is immobile, he has a moderate condition. 24- If Frank is conscious, he has stable vitals. 25- If a patient is being treated with medication, they have stable vitals. 26- If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for a patient, the patient is in a critical condition.
Question: Is it impermissible for Paramedic Clark to assign a green priority to Emily?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No