Context: 1- In a medical clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Brown, and Carter. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Claire and Patient David. 3- The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: an X-ray machine and an ultrasound machine. 4- Claire is undergoing physical therapy. 5- David has been prescribed medication. 6- Adams is working in a ward with low resources, while Brown is working in a ward with high resources. 7- Claire has a stable condition. 8- David has unstable vitals. 9- Claire is unconscious. 10- David is mobile. 11- David has been assigned a green priority. 12- Brown has been assigned to care for Claire. 13- Brown is providing mental health support for Claire. 14- If a patient has a stable condition, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to assign them a yellow priority. 15- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them an orange priority. 16- If a patient is mobile, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for the patient. 17- If a patient is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them. 18- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to check the patient's history. 19- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them. 20- If a healthcare professional is assigned care for Claire, it is obligatory for them to use equipment for her. 21- If a healthcare professional is assigned care for a patient, it is permissible for them to check the patient's history. 22- If a patient has a stable condition, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for them. 23- If a patient has stable vitals, they have a stable condition. 24- If a patient has unstable vitals, they have a critical condition. 25- If a healthcare professional is a paramedic and a patient has a green priority, they are assigned care for the patient. 26- If a healthcare professional has high resources, they are a paramedic. 27- If a patient has a stable condition, they have a green priority. 28- If a patient has an orange priority, Carter is assigned care for the patient.
Question: Is it obligatory for Brown to check David's patient history?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No