Context: 1- In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Baker, and Clark. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Frank. 3- The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: a blood pressure monitor and an ultrasound machine. 4- Emily is undergoing physical therapy. 5- Frank has been prescribed medication. 6- Adams is working in an area with a high number of staff members, while Baker is working in an area with low resources. 7- Emily has unstable vitals, and Frank has a stable condition. 8- Emily is unconscious, and Frank is mobile. 9- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a red priority. 10- If a patient has a stable condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority. 11- If Emily is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on her. 12- It is impermissible for a healthcare professional to provide family support for an unconscious patient. 13- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for a mobile patient. 14- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to administer treatment to a patient. 15- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them. 16- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. 17- If the healthcare professional has high resources, it is permissible for them to allocate resources to a patient. 18- If a patient is conscious, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to discharge them. 19- If the healthcare professional has no follow-up plan for a patient, it is permissible for them to provide family support. 20- If a patient has unstable vitals, they are in a critical condition. 21- If a patient has a stable condition, they are conscious. 22- If a healthcare professional has high resources, they have a high number of staff members. 23- If a patient is conscious, they have a moderate condition. 24- If a healthcare professional has a patient with a moderate condition, they have no follow-up plan. 25- If a healthcare professional initiates rehabilitation for a patient, the patient has a stable condition. 26- If a healthcare professional provides palliative care for a patient, the patient is in a critical condition. 27- If a healthcare professional provides mental health support for a patient, the patient has an unstable mental state. 28- If a healthcare professional has a patient with low resources, they do not initiate rehabilitation.
Question: Is it permissible for Adams to provide family support for Frank?
Reasoning: Frank has a stable condition and is conscious, which means there is no obligation for Adams to discharge him. Adams has no follow-up plan for Frank, and it is permissible for healthcare professionals to provide family support if there is no follow-up plan. Therefore, it is permissible for Adams to provide family support for Frank.
Answer (Yes or no): Yes, it is permissible for Adams to provide family support for Frank.