Context: 1- In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Brown, and Clark. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Frank. 3- The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: a blood pressure monitor and an X-ray machine. 4- Emily is undergoing physical therapy, while Frank has been prescribed medication. 5- Adams is working with high staff levels, while Brown is working with low resources. 6- Emily has unstable vitals, while Frank has a stable condition. 7- Emily is unconscious. 8- Frank is mobile. 9- Adams has been assigned to care for Emily. 10- Brown is responsible for Frank and is providing mental health support for him. 11- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a red priority. 12- If Emily is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on her. 13- If a healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to administer treatment to a patient. 14- If a patient is undergoing physical therapy, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to discharge them. 15- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them. 16- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. 17- If a healthcare professional has no follow-up plan for a patient, it is obligatory for them to provide family support for the patient. 18- If a patient has unstable vitals, they have a critical condition. 19- If a patient has a stable condition, they are conscious. 20- If a healthcare professional has high resources, they have high staff levels. 21- If a patient has a moderate condition, the healthcare professional has no follow-up plan for them. 22- If a healthcare professional is providing mental health support for a patient, the patient has an unstable mental state.
Question: Is it obligatory for Adams to discharge Frank?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No