Context: 1- In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Brown, and Clark. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Frank. 3- Emily is undergoing physical therapy. 4- Frank is being treated with medication. 5- Adams works in an area with high staff availability, while Brown works in an area with low resources. 6- Emily has unstable vitals, and Frank has stable condition. 7- Emily is unconscious. 8- Frank is mobile. 9- Brown is providing mental health support for Frank. 10- If a patient has a stable condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority. 11- If Emily is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on her. 12- If a patient is mobile, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for the patient. 13- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to administer treatment to the patient. 14- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor the patient. 15- If the healthcare professional has high resources, it is permissible for them to allocate resources to the patient. 16- If a healthcare professional does not have a follow-up plan for a patient, it is obligatory for them to provide family support for the patient. 17- If a healthcare professional is treating a patient with physical therapy, it is obligatory for them to initiate rehabilitation for the patient. 18- If a patient has unstable vitals, they are in a critical condition. 19- If a patient has a stable condition, they are conscious. 20- If a healthcare professional does not have a follow-up plan for a patient with a moderate condition, the patient is in a moderate condition. 21- If a healthcare professional initiates rehabilitation for a patient, the patient has a stable condition. 22- If a healthcare professional has low resources, they cannot initiate rehabilitation for a patient.
Question: Is it obligatory for Brown to initiate rehabilitation for Frank?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No