Context: 1- In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Brown, and Clark. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Emma and Patient Frank. 3- The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: an ultrasound machine and an X-ray machine. 4- Emma is receiving physical therapy. 5- Frank has been prescribed medication. 6- Adams is working with high staff availability, while Brown is working with low resources. 7- Emma has unstable vitals. 8- Frank is in a stable condition. 9- Emma is unconscious. 10- Frank is mobile. 11- Adams has been assigned to care for Emma. 12- Adams is initiating rehabilitation for Emma. 13- Brown is responsible for Frank. 14- Brown is providing mental health support for Frank. 15- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a red priority. 16- If Patient Emma is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on her. 17- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to administer treatment to a patient. 18- If the healthcare professional has high staff availability, it is permissible for them to discharge a patient. 19- If a patient has unstable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them. 20- If a patient is conscious, it is impermissible for the healthcare professional to discharge them. 21- If a patient is conscious, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to discharge them. 22- If a healthcare professional has no follow-up plan for a patient, it is obligatory for them to provide family support for the patient. 23- If a patient has unstable vitals, they are in a critical condition. 24- If a patient is in a stable condition, they are conscious. 25- If a patient is conscious, they have a moderate condition. 26- If a healthcare professional has a patient with a moderate condition, they have no follow-up plan for the patient. 27- If a healthcare professional initiates rehabilitation for a patient, the patient is in a stable condition. 28- If a healthcare professional provides mental health support for a patient, the patient has an unstable mental state. 29- If a healthcare professional has low resources, they cannot initiate rehabilitation for a patient.
Question: Is it obligatory for Brown to discharge Emma?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No