Context: 1- In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Adams, Brown, and Clark. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Frank. 3- Emily has been prescribed medication. Frank has to undergo surgery. 4- Adams is working in a ward with high resources, while Brown is working in a ward with low resources. 5- Frank has a critical condition. 6- Frank is immobile. 7- Adams has been assigned to care for Emily. 8- Adams is initiating rehabilitation for Emily. 9- Brown is responsible for Frank. 10- Brown is providing palliative care for Frank. 11- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a red priority. 12- If a patient has stable vitals, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority. 13- If Emily is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on her. 14- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for an immobile patient. 15- If the healthcare professional has high resources, it is permissible for them to administer treatment to Emily. 16- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for Brown to monitor them. 17- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. 18- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is impermissible for them to initiate rehabilitation for a patient. 19- If a patient is mobile, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to discharge them. 20- If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for a patient, the patient is in a critical condition. 21- If a patient has a moderate condition, they are conscious. 22- If Frank is immobile, he has a moderate condition. 23- If a patient is in a critical condition, they have unstable vitals. 24- If a healthcare professional has low resources, they are a nurse.
Question: Is it impermissible for Brown to discharge Frank?
Reasoning:
Answer (Yes or no): No