Context: 1- In a clinic, there are two healthcare professionals: Brown and White. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Carol and Patient Diana. 3- Brown is working in a ward with low resources. 4- Carol is in a stable condition but is unconscious. 5- Diana is mobile. 6- Carol has an infection. 7- Diana is pregnant. 8- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them. 9- If a patient is in a stable condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to assign them a green priority. 10- If a patient is pregnant, it is impermissible for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them. 11- If a patient is infected, it is impermissible for the healthcare professional to discharge them. 12- If a patient is pregnant, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for them. 13- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is not obligatory for them to administer treatment to the patient. 14- If a patient is mobile, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for them. 15- If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for Carol, it is not obligatory for them to use equipment for Carol. 16- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. 17- If a patient is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them. 18- If a healthcare professional is assigned care for a patient, it is obligatory for them to provide family support to the patient. 19- If a patient is infected, they have unstable vitals. 20- If a patient is pregnant, they have unstable vitals. 21- If a patient is in a stable condition, they are conscious. 22- If a healthcare professional has low resources, they are not assigned care for the patient. 23- If a healthcare professional has high resources, they are assigned care for the patient. 24- If a healthcare professional declares an emergency, the patient is in a critical condition. 25- If a healthcare professional assesses a patient's mental health, the patient has an unstable mental state. 26- If a healthcare professional provides family support to a patient, the patient has a stable mental state. 27- If a patient is assigned an orange priority by Brown, they are in a critical condition. 28- If a patient has unstable vitals, Brown assigns them an orange priority.
Question: Is it permissible for White to perform an examination on Carol?
Reasoning: Carol is in a critical condition. If a patient is in a critical condition, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them. White is a healthcare professional and is assigned care for Carol. Therefore, it is permissible for White to perform an examination on Carol.
Answer (Yes or no): Yes, it is permissible for White to perform an examination on Carol.