Context: 1- In a rural clinic, there are two healthcare professionals: Taylor and Lee. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Claire and Patient David. 3- Claire requires physical therapy. David has been prescribed medication. 4- Taylor is working in a ward with low resources. 5- Claire has a stable condition but is unconscious. 6- David is mobile. 7- Claire is infected. 8- David's wife is pregnant. 9- If a patient is in a critical condition, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them. 10- If a patient is pregnant, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to initiate rehabilitation for them. 11- If the healthcare professional has low resources, it is not obligatory for them to administer treatment to the patient. 12- If the healthcare professional has high resources, it is obligatory for them to discharge the patient. 13- If a patient is mobile, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to create a treatment plan for them. 14- It is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. 15- If a patient is unconscious, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to monitor them. 16- If a healthcare professional is assigned care for a patient, it is obligatory for them to provide family support for the patient. 17- If a patient is infected, they have unstable vitals. 18- If a patient is pregnant, they have unstable vitals. 19- If a patient has a stable condition, they are conscious. 20- If a healthcare professional is not assigned care for a conscious patient, they do not have to provide family support. 21- If a healthcare professional declares an emergency, the patient is in a critical condition. 22- If a patient has unstable vitals, Taylor assigns them an orange priority.
Question: Is it not obligatory for Lee to discharge Claire?
Reasoning: Claire is conscious and has a stable condition. According to the rules, it is not obligatory for a healthcare professional to discharge a conscious patient. Therefore, it is not obligatory for Lee to discharge Claire.
Answer (Yes or no): Yes, it is not obligatory for Lee to discharge Claire.