Context: 1- In a clinic, there are three healthcare professionals: Anderson, Brown, and Clark. 2- They are attending to two patients: Patient Emily and Patient Hannah. 3- The clinic has two pieces of medical equipment: a CT scanner and an ultrasound machine. 4- Emily is receiving physical therapy. 5- Hannah has been prescribed medication. 6- Emily has a stable condition but is infected. 7- Hannah is pregnant. 8- Emily has given consent for physical therapy (t3), while Hannah has withdrawn consent for medication (t4). 9- Brown has been assigned to care for Emily. 10- Clark is responsible for Hannah. 11- Anderson is assessing Emily's mental health. 12- Brown is providing mental health support for Hannah.
Rules: 1- If a patient is pregnant, it is permissible for the healthcare professional to perform an examination on them. 2- If a patient is infected, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to administer treatment to them. 3- If a patient has a stable mental state, it is impermissible for the healthcare professional to provide family support to them. 4- If a healthcare professional has consent_given for physical therapy, it is obligatory for them to administer physical therapy to the patient. 5- If a patient has a yellow priority, it is obligatory for the healthcare professional to initiate life support for them. 6- If a patient has a red priority, it is impermissible for the healthcare professional to use equipment for them. 7- If a patient has a stable condition, it is not obligatory for the healthcare professional to allocate staff to them. 8- If a healthcare professional is assigned care for a patient, it is permissible for them to use equipment for that patient. 9- If a patient is pregnant, they are not infected. 10- If a healthcare professional assesses a patient's mental health, the patient has a stable mental state. 11- If a patient has a stable condition, they are conscious. 12- If a patient is not infected, they have a yellow priority. 13- If a healthcare professional has low resources, they have low staff. 14- If a patient has a yellow priority, they have a stable condition. 15- If a patient is mobile, the healthcare professional may initiate rehabilitation for them.
Question: Is it permissible for Brown to use the CT scanner for Emily?
Reasoning: Brown has been assigned to care for Emily, and as per the rules, it is permissible for the healthcare professional assigned to a patient to use equipment for that patient. Therefore, it is permissible for Brown to use the CT scanner for Emily.
Answer: Yes, it is permissible for Brown to use the CT scanner for Emily.